sl beta docs (#3705)
fishtown-analytics/docs.getdbt.com: website/snippets/_new-sl-changes.md

> 

Reviewer: This note is great! Any reason it's not on the Architecture page? https://deploy-preview-3705--docs-getdbt-com.netlify.app/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/sl-architecture

Author: good callout, i don't know why its not there so i must've missed it. thank you!

:::tip Introducing the new dbt Semantic Layer 🎉

The dbt Semantic Layer has been re-released with [significant improvements](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/), making it more efficient to define and query metrics. 

> The new version is available in [public beta](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/July-2023/sl-revamp-beta#public-beta) and introduces [MetricFlow](/docs/build/about-metricflow), an essential component. It also includes new semantic elements, better governance, improved efficiency, easier data access, and new Semantic Layer API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version is available in [public beta](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/05-Aug-2023/sl-revamp-beta#public-beta) and introduces [MetricFlow](/docs/build/about-metricflow), an essential component. It also includes new semantic elements, better governance, improved efficiency, easier data access, and new Semantic Layer API.
```

> The new version is available in [public beta](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/July-2023/sl-revamp-beta#public-beta) and introduces [MetricFlow](/docs/build/about-metricflow), an essential component. It also includes new semantic elements, better governance, improved efficiency, easier data access, and new Semantic Layer API.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The new version is available in [public beta](/docs/dbt-versions/release-notes/Aug-2023/sl-revamp-beta#public-beta) and introduces [MetricFlow](/docs/build/about-metricflow), an essential component. It also includes new semantic elements, better governance, improved efficiency, easier data access, and new Semantic Layer API.
```

> The dbt Semantic Layer has undergone a [significant revamp](https://www.getdbt.com/blog/dbt-semantic-layer-whats-next/), making it more efficient to define and query metrics. The new dbt Semantic Layer introduces new semantic components, improved governance, enhanced efficiency, data accessibility, and new Semantic Layer APIs. The new dbt Semantic Layer will lay the foundation for effective organization and interaction with data. The dbt Semantic Layer is available to all dbt Cloud plans (Developer, Team, and Enterprise) during [public beta](/docs/use-dbt-semantic-layer/dbt-sl#public-beta). 

Author: i think public beta should not be on this pag and be announced/detailed in the public beta release note. any reference to it can then link to that page. this way, it keeps this page clean and only maintains the relevant/current info
